chore: Sync the translator for otelcol.receiver.prometheus with upstream (#5308)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/otelcol/otelcol.receiver.prometheus.md

`otelcol.receiver.prometheus` is a custom component built on a fork of the upstream OpenTelemetry receiver.
{{< /admonition >}}

{{< admonition type="warning" >}}
In Alloy v1.14.0 `otelcol.receiver.prometheus` has been changed to no longer set a [start time][otlp-start-time]
for the translated OTLP metric datapoint if the incoming Prometheus metric lacks a ["created time"][om-suffixes].

Start time is a way to tell when a cumulative metric such as an OTLP "sum" or a Prometheus "counter" was last reset.
If your database uses start times for OTLP metrics, you can use `otelcol.processor.metric_start_time` to set it.
Mimir's OTLP endpoint and Grafana Cloud's OTLP Gateway both support OTLP metric start time.

To add the start time in the same way that `otelcol.receiver.prometheus` did it prior to Alloy v1.14.0, 
configure `otelcol.processor.metric_start_time` with `strategy` set to `true_reset_point`.

[om-suffixes]: https://github.com/prometheus/OpenMetrics/blob/v1.0.0/specification/OpenMetrics.md#suffixes
[otlp-start-time]: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-proto/blob/v1.9.0/opentelemetry/proto/metrics/v1/metrics.proto#L181-L187

> {{< /admonition >}}

Author: Thank you so much for the detailed reply!

Alloy [always sets](https://github.com/grafana/alloy/pull/5308/files#diff-da1b2a93f76f17c5f044b243bcef91a3835d7d4a4e85748fd5a7f483a6f71714R123) `use_start_time_metric` to `false`. We don't need to worry about that use case :)

> In case of the true_reset_point strategy, nothing happens at the moment

I did my best to clarify this in deb5bb1acf775143a28b3732d6f3f321395af28f. I hope it looks good to you?

`otelcol.receiver.prometheus` is a custom component built on a fork of the upstream OpenTelemetry receiver.
{{< /admonition >}}

{{< admonition type="note" >}}
In Alloy v1.14.0, `otelcol.receiver.prometheus` no longer sets OTLP metric [start times][otlp-start-time] for Prometheus metrics. The receiver forwards metrics without adding start times when the Prometheus input does not have a [created time][om-suffixes].

Start time is a way to tell when a cumulative metric such as an OTLP "sum" or a Prometheus "counter" was last reset.
If your database uses start times for OTLP metrics, you can use `otelcol.processor.metric_start_time` to set it.
Grafana Mimir's OTLP endpoint and Grafana Cloud's OTLP Gateway both support OTLP metric start time.

> To add the start time in the same way that `otelcol.receiver.prometheus` did it prior to Alloy v1.14.0, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add the start time in the same way that `otelcol.receiver.prometheus` did it prior to {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} v1.14.0, 
```

`otelcol.receiver.prometheus` is a custom component built on a fork of the upstream OpenTelemetry receiver.
{{< /admonition >}}

{{< admonition type="warning" >}}
In Alloy v1.14.0 `otelcol.receiver.prometheus` has been changed to no longer set a [start time][otlp-start-time]

> for the translated OTLP metric datapoint if the incoming Prometheus metric lacks a ["created time"][om-suffixes].

Author: Yes

Start time is a way to tell when a cumulative metric such as an OTLP "sum" or a Prometheus "counter" was last reset.
If your database uses start times for OTLP metrics, you can use `otelcol.processor.metric_start_time` to set it.
Grafana Mimir's OTLP endpoint and Grafana Cloud's OTLP Gateway both support OTLP metric start time.

To add the start time in the same way that `otelcol.receiver.prometheus` did it prior to Alloy v1.14.0, 
configure `otelcol.processor.metric_start_time` with `strategy` set to `true_reset_point`.

In practice it is only necessary to use `true_reset_point` if your Mimir/Grafana Cloud instance is explicitly configured with a 
`-distributor.otel-created-timestamp-zero-ingestion-enabled=true` flag, 
since `true_reset_point` will send a sample with the same start and end time and Mimir by default won't create a zero sample for it.

> So for most Mimir/Grafana Cloud use cases there would be no change in behaviour even if no `otelcol.processor.metric_start_time` is added.

Reviewer: Sounds good. Leave it as-is.
